feat(codepipeline): add support for a StepFunctions invoke action (#8931)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-codepipeline-actions/README.md

See [the AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/actions-invoke-lambda-function.html)
on how to write a Lambda function invoked from CodePipeline.

### AWS Step Functions

This module contains an Action that allows you to invoke a Step Function in a Pipeline:

```ts
import * as stepfunction from '@aws-cdk/aws-stepfunctions';

const pipeline = new codepipeline.Pipeline(this, 'MyPipeline');
const startState = new stepfunction.Pass(stack, 'StartState');
const simpleStateMachine  = new stepfunction.StateMachine(stack, 'SimpleStateMachine', {
    definition: startState,
});
const stepFunctionAction = new codepipeline_actions.StepFunctionsInvokeAction({
  actionName: 'Invoke',
  stateMachine: simpleStateMachine,
  stateMachineInput: codepipeline_actions.StateMachineInput.literal({IsHelloWorldExample: true}),
});
pipeline.addStage({
  stageName: 'StepFunctions',
  actions: [stepFunctionAction],
});
```

> The StateMachineInputType can be a Literal or FilePath.
> Input artifact and StateMachineInputField are required when
> the StateMachineInputType is set as FilePath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StateMachineInput` can be created with one of 2 static factory methods:
`literal`, which takes an arbitrary map as its only argument, or `filePath`:
```

```ts
import * as stepfunction from '@aws-cdk/aws-stepfunctions';

const pipeline = new codepipeline.Pipeline(this, 'MyPipeline');
const inputArtifact = new codepipeline.Artifact();
const startState = new stepfunction.Pass(stack, 'StartState');
const simpleStateMachine  = new stepfunction.StateMachine(stack, 'SimpleStateMachine', {

>     definition: startState,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  definition: startState,
```
